The following is a list of the bigrams in the documents that have been replaced by an identifier (96 items):

bus_ecosystem	→	business ecosystem 
bus_ecosystem	→	 ecosystem business
business_model	→	business model 
business_process	→	business process 
chain_manag	→	chain management 
collaborative_inn	→	collaborative innovation 
communication_tech	→	communication technology 
conceptual_model	→	conceptual model 
corrective_action	→	 corrective action
dev_process	→	development process 
dig_ecosystem	→	digital ecosystem 
dig_ecosystem	→	 ecosystem digital
digital_inn	→	digital innovation 
digital_tech	→	digital technology 
disruptive_inn	→	disruptive innovation 
economic_dev	→	economic development 
emerge_tech	→	emerge technology 
enterprise_manag	→	enterprise management 
entre_ecosystem	→	entrepreneurial ecosystem 
entre_ecosystem	→	 ecosystem entrepreneurial
equation_model	→	equation model 
family_enterprise	→	family enterprise 
financial_manag	→	financial management 
green_inn	→	green innovation 
industrial_enterprise	→	industrial enterprise 
inn_activity	→	 innovative activity
inn_capability	→	 innovation capability
inn_dev	→	innovative development 
inn_dev	→	innovation development 
inn_ecosystem	→	 ecosystem innovation
inn_initiative	→	 innovative initiative
inn_management	→	management innovation management
inn_management	→	innovative management 
inn_model	→	model innovation 
inn_model	→	 innovation model
inn_network	→	network innovation 
inn_network	→	 innovation network
inn_objective	→	 innovation objective
inn_performance	→	 innovation performance
inn_policy	→	 innovation policy
inn_process	→	process innovation 
inn_process	→	 innovation process
inn_profolio	→	 innovation portfolio
inn_project	→	 innovation project
inn_strategy	→	 innovation strategy
inn_system	→	 innovation system
inn_vision	→	 innovation vision
innovative_enterprise	→	innovative enterprise 
intellectual_asset	→	 intellectual assets
ip	→	 intellectual property
ip rights	→	 ipr 
know_creation	→	 knowledge creation
know_sharing	→	 knowledge sharing
know_transfer	→	 knowledge transfer
knowledge_manag	→	knowledge management 
manag_model	→	 management model
manag_practice	→	 management practice
manag_process	→	process management 
manag_process	→	 management process
manag_strategy	→	 management strategy
manag_theory	→	 management theory
manufact_enterprise	→	manufacturing enterprise 
manufact_enterprise	→	manufacture enterprise 
medium_enterprise	→	medium enterprise 
model_process	→	 process model
open_inn	→	open innovation 
organizational_inn	→	organizational innovation 
platf_ecosystem	→	platform ecosystem 
platf_ecosystem	→	 ecosystem platform
product_dev	→	product development 
product_inn	→	product innovative 
product_inn	→	product innovation 
project_manag	→	project management 
quality_manag	→	quality management 
radical_inn	→	radical innovation 
resource_manag	→	resource management 
risk_manag	→	risk management 
ser_ecosystem	→	service ecosystem 
ser_ecosystem	→	 ecosystem service
service_enterprise	→	service enterprise 
service_inn	→	service innovation 
sme	→	small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises
sme	→	small and medium-sized firms
sme	→	small and medium-sized enterprises
social_inn	→	social innovation 
social_manag	→	social management 
strategic_manag	→	strategic management 
sustainable_dev	→	sustainable development 
sustainable_inn	→	sustainable innovation 
tech_dev	→	 technology development
tech_transfer	→	 technology transfer
technological_inn	→	technological innovation 
technology_inn	→	technology innovation 
technology_inn	→	 innovation 
technology_manag	→	technology management 
technology_manag	→	 management technology
